BZ2044701 - Fixing doc gap for installing Cluster samples operator install (#41133)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-images-samples-disconnected-mirroring-assist.adoc

The format of the key for each entry in the data field in the config map is `<image_stream_name>_<image_stream_tag_name>`.

During a disconnected installation of {product-title}, the status of the Cluster Samples Operator is set to `Removed`. If you choose to change it to `Managed`, it installs samples.
[NOTE]
====

> The use of clusters in a restricted or discontinued network may require actions in services external to your network. Some example services include: Github, RubyGems, PyPi, and others. There might be additional steps to take that allow the cluster samples operators's objects obtain the services they require.

Reviewer: I find the phrasing of "the use of clusters" awkward. The customer is using _samples_ in a network-restricted or air-gapped environment. Proposing the following:

```suggestion
The use of samples in a network-restricted or disconnected environment may require access to services outside the network. Some example services include: Github, Maven Central, npm, and others. There might be additional steps to take that allow the cluster samples operators's objects to reach the services they require.
```

Also recommending we reference Maven Central and npm - Java and NodeJS are commonly used by our customers, and we have often had asks for specific support in these languages.

Author: @adambkaplan Would RubyGems or PyPi still be applicable here or should they just be replaced?

Reviewer: They would also be applicable - any external service that provides dependencies.

> The use of clusters in a restricted or discontinued network may require actions in services external to your network. Some example services include: Github, RubyGems, PyPi, etc. There may be necessary processes to take that allow the cluster samples operators's objects obtain the services they require or alternative actions.

Reviewer 2: include GitHub, Github, RubyGems, PyPi, and others. 

(we try to avoid . etc. usage in the docs)

There might be some additional steps that you must take to allow Cluster Sample Operator objects to obtain the services they require.

(not sure what is meant by alternative actions here)
